README.md, before:

# Rugby

## Background

Rugby is a colour conversion web app that helps designers and developers speak each other's language. I originally built Rugby with Rails while learning the framework, but have come to realise this is not the most effective form for the app to take.

I am now redeveloping the app from the ground up, with the following technical goals:

- Built on JavaScript, so colour conversion can be handled client-side, without the need for a page reload (as in previous version)

- Colour input options: RGB(a), HSL(a), hexadecimal

- Colour output options: As above, with notational specificity for CSS and Objective-C

- Input and output multiple colour swatches at once

- Attach labels to each swatch for output

## Your input

If you are a designer or developer who would find a tool like this useful, I'd love to hear more about any features you would find useful, or needs you have that aren't being solved by existing tools. Pass your ideas my way [on Twitter](http://www.twitter.com/cole_peters) or [email](mailto:cole@colepeters.com?subject=Rugby).

Commit message:

Change technical description; might not be able to handle all functions client-side

README.md, after:

# Rugby

## Background

Rugby is a colour conversion web app that helps designers and developers speak each other's language. I originally built Rugby with Rails while learning the framework, but have come to realise this is not the most effective form for the app to take.

I am now redeveloping the app from the ground up, with the following technical goals:

- Built on JavaScript (we don't need Rails for an app of this scale)

- Colour input options: RGB(a), HSL(a), hexadecimal

- Colour output options: As above, with notational specificity for CSS and Objective-C

- Input and output multiple colour swatches at once

- Attach labels to each swatch for output

## Your input

If you are a designer or developer who would find a tool like this useful, I'd love to hear more about any features you would find useful, or needs you have that aren't being solved by existing tools. Pass your ideas my way [on Twitter](http://www.twitter.com/cole_peters) or [email](mailto:cole@colepeters.com?subject=Rugby).
